[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a supernatural
psychological thriller film
a sixth fence spoiler ahead watch out
and take care
malcolm a famous child psychologist is a
workaholic
he has a considerate wife who supports
him even when neglected by him
because they love each other malcolm is
granted son of philadelphia by the mayor
which means he has become the leading
child psychologist of this city
one night however his wife suddenly
finds the window is broken
and pieces of glass fall on the ground
wondering what happened
they see a dark shadow flitting by
malcolm risks go and take a look
in the bathroom there is a man naked
with a sad and helpless look in his eyes
malcolm is going to call the police when
the man solves out his story
he was a patient of malcolm when he was
a young boy ten years ago
born in a single family he suffered from
a serious mood disorder
and was called a freak as it was a rare
disease
malcolm had no idea how to deal with it
he told the little boy he would cure him
but he simply gave him up a decade
passed by now the grown-up suffers even
worse a twisted mind
so now he sneaks into the house and
yells at malcolm blaming him for giving
him up
malcolm says that he's willing to try to
cure him now but the furious man won't
listen to him
he shoots malcolm on the belly before
shooting himself dead
stricken by the incident malcolm is
regretful and upset
to compensate for his fault malcolm
tries hard to look for patients who
suffer from a similar disease
at last he finds a nine-year-old boy
named cole
the profile shows his parents are
divorced he is socially isolated
and diagnosed with a possible mood
disorder
after he has followed the boy for some
time malcolm gets a chance to talk to
him
he introduces himself then tries to keep
the conversation going
by talking about the boy's toys but cole
is cautious
he asks the doctor if he can see him
again and turns back
one morning cole's mom is preparing
breakfast for coal in the kitchen
she turns around to fetch something but
when she comes back in just a second
she is shocked to find all the drawers
are open cole apologizes that he was
looking for sandwich biscuits
as she is aware of her son's mood
disorder she tells him not to blame
himself
after breakfast cole runs out a boy
waits for him on the roadside
he takes over cole's school bag and the
two merrily go to school
seeing that mom worries no more as her
son seems not lonely at school
but what she hasn't seen is her son is
bullied right after they come to the
corner
that boy calls cola freak gives back his
school bag
and takes the cash from coal coal pays
him to pretend to be a friend
in order to cure coal as soon as
possible malcolm drops by
while he waits for cole to be back from
school hole's mom seems to ignore him
as if she didn't care about her son's
disease soon calls his back
he lies to mom that his classmates like
to be with him so as not to let his mom
worry about him
malcolm is so moved by coal when his mom
goes to prepare for dinner
malcolm starts the topic about cole's
disease but the boy still doesn't want
to talk about it
though he knows malcolm really wants to
help him because cole has seen so many
doctors
yet none of them can help him so he
persuades malcolm not to waste time on
him
not knowing what else he can do malcolm
has to leave
today is their wedding anniversary
malcolm goes straightly to the familiar
restaurant
his wife has been sitting at the table
for quite a long time
he explains to her that he's not meant
to be late but he's got some
trouble with the patient however his
wife says nothing
as if she were not satisfied with him
when the attendant passes her the bill
she immediately signs her name on it
without even taking a look at malcolm
she just whispers happy anniversary then
picks up her bag and leaves
malcolm feels sorry but there's nothing
he can do family or work is always a
dilemma
and malcolm chooses his work he follows
cole every day
asking about his life and past one day
malcolm sees a man visiting his home
his wife shows him her hospitality
malcolm hears the man compliment her
from the study room
he gets angry and walks to the window to
keep a close watch
the man seems to have sensed his
hostility and he leaves
malcolm realizes that he has to make a
plan and leave some time for his wife
now
in the history class the teacher asks
the students who knows what the place of
their school was a hundred years ago
cole volunteers to answer it was an
execution ground
they used to hang people here the
teacher negates his answer
saying their school used to be a court
seemingly irrigated
cole calls the teacher by his name and
anger demanding the teacher not to look
at him in such a way
for he hates it when the teacher tries
to see what's wrong with cole
cole reveals the teacher's secret that
they called him stuttering stanley when
he was a boy
covering his eyes with his hands cole
repeats stuttering stanley
in anger the teacher calls cole cola
freak but gives away his stutter
which shocks everybody in the classroom
when malcolm knows this
he reaches coal for a deep talk but
still cole doesn't want to open his
mouth
malcolm takes out a coin and plays a
poor magic but cole sees through
it when malcolm comes back home their
wedding video is being played
malcolm's eyes are wet by the happiest
moments he stands up to look for his
wife
and happens to find a bottle of
antidepressant on the shelf
he has no idea when she developed
depression malcolm feels upset
and wonders whether he is right in
focusing too much time on his work
one day a neighbor's boy invites cole to
come to his birthday party
which makes cole's mom very happy as
people around them don't like coal
it is the first time cole is invited in
a year
but this is not genuine friendliness
either two boys trick on him
and lock him inside the loft it is a
nightmare to cole
as he hears many people crying for help
in the loft
he slaps on the door and begs the
children to let him out
when his mom comes to save him out cole
is already in a comma
malcolm comes to see cole after that
incident he is going to tell cole a
bedtime story
before cole asks him why he looks so
upset so malcolm tells cole his story
he is busy with his work and can't
accompany his wife for he can't be
indifferent
seeing the children inflicted by illness
in a hesitation
cole opens his mind to malcolm for the
first time tears in his eyes
cole tells malcolm that he can see
ghosts they are walking around him like
the living people
but the ghost can't see one another and
they can only see what they want to see
some ghosts even don't know they're dead
but all the ghosts can see him and he
can see them too
malcolm doesn't believe cole's words he
only thinks perhaps the boy is so
seriously ill
that he has illusions feeling incapable
of healing cole
malcolm wants to give up in the evening
when mom helps cole put off his clothes
she finds new scars on her son's back
apparently cut by others with a sharp
knife
she calls the neighbor and warns them
not to bully her son anymore
at night when cole goes to the toilet he
feels someone flitting by behind him
turning around he sees a woman with a
terrible face
cole runs to his tent in a panic where
all kinds of saints are displayed
in his heart it is a holy place for
himself to be saved
at dinner mom asks cole why he always
takes away the pain that late grandma
left her
cole console's mom he knows she misses
grandma but when people think they've
lost loved ones
they didn't lose them they are only in
the other place but moan is angry that
cold takes away the pain as a toy
and that he doesn't confess it she loses
her temper and asks hole to get out
when cole walks out of the dining room
he sees a bleeding boy
frightened cole runs into mom's arms and
pleads with her to allow him to sleep
together with her
when malcolm comes back home he finds
that man again who sits close to his
wife
they look intimate and his wife presents
him with a gift
in a rage malcolm breaks the window
glass he leaves home
and goes to see coal he tells cole that
he might not come to see him anymore
for he wants to make a change and spend
more time with his wife
cole is upset and asked malcolm not to
give him up he doesn't want to live in
terror anymore
cole continues to ask if malcolm
believes in him but malcolm gives no
answer
back at home malcolm thinks of the man
who shot himself dead in their bathroom
he finds the tape recorded when he
treated him 10 years ago
and here's someone asking for help at
the blank between their conversation
this finding shocks malcolm he begins to
believe what cole said
he finds coal in the church where they
first met and tells the boy that the
ghosts are possibly coming to him
asking for help maybe when cole helps
them solve their problems
the ghosts will leave him at night cole
is woken up by someone crying
he is scared and runs to the tent for
god's protection
but he sees a girl inside who is
vomiting cole runs away in a panic
then he thinks of what malcolm has said
to him he then goes back to the tent
to ask the girl if she needs help the
next day cole takes
malcolm to the girl's funeral from the
girl's bedroom
cole finds a tape and gives it to her
dad in which she recorded the true cause
of her death
she was poisoned by her stepmother
knowing the truth
her father is full of tears then cole
gives the girl's sister a doll
and tells her that her sister will
always protect her from then on the girl
never comes to coal again
malcolm was right all the ghosts who
come around coal don't intend to scare
him
instead they want to ask him for help
cole is not annoyed by his ability to
see the dead anymore
he has his mission now and helps more
ghosts to realize their unfinished will
he finds happiness in doing so and the
teachers and classmates see his change
they begin to come close to coal and
play with him
at the graduation ceremony they perform
an opera
cole even gets the chance to play the
leading role of king arthur
seeing the change in cold malcolm laughs
and praises cole for his wonderful
performance at the opera
cole smiles happily playing the sword
and tells malcolm a secret to mend his
relationship with his wife
he tells malcolm to speak to her when
she is asleep so that his words will
come into her mind
malcolm doesn't give much thought to
what the boy said
as time goes by malcolm feels closer to
cole
but since cole's life has turned to
normal it's time for the doctor to go
cole says goodbye with a smile on the
way home
there's a traffic jam while waiting mom
apologizes to cole for not watching his
upper performance
however cole hesitates for a while and
then decides to tell mom his secret
he says there's a traffic accident ahead
of them a woman is killed
and is standing in front of their car
mom is frightened the cold continues
saying the ghosts come to him only to
ask for help looking at mom's shocking
face
cole asks in a worried voice if she
thinks him a freak too
mom looks at him and says seriously that
in her mind he's never a freak
hearing that cole feels encouraged and
he continues to say that he often sees
grandma too
grandma wanted him to help her apologize
to mom her grandma didn't take away the
pendant on purpose
but she loved it so much that she
couldn't help doing that grandma also
wanted cold to tell mom that she went to
see mom dancing
but she just didn't appear in mom's site
because of their previous quarrel
which however caused mom to believe that
grandma wouldn't like to watch her
performance
mom bursts into tears on hearing this
and cole continues
once mom asked a question in front of
grandma's tomb and grandma asked cole to
tell mom that her answer was
every day cole asks mom what the
question was
mom sobs that she asked grandma whether
she had ever made her proud
mom holds coal into her arms and they
cry
when malcolm returns home the wedding
video is still playing
and his wife is lying on the sofa asleep
looking at her face
he tells her how much he misses her and
his wife responds she misses him too
asking him why he left her malcolm is
puzzled
and says he never left when his wife
turns back a ring falls down to the
floor
it is exactly malcolm's wedding ring
looking at his bare finger
malcolm remembers what cole told him
some ghosts don't even remember they are
dead
because of that malcolm stands up
hastily and suddenly gets to know why
cole's mom seemed to ignore him
why his wife seemed to ignore him too
why he could never open the door at home
why he's jealous of but couldn't get rid
of the man who approached his wife
and why the wedding video is always
playing when he's back at last
he realizes that he was shot dead due to
that accident
accepting the fact malcolm comes to his
wife to say good night
telling her she is always the most
important in his heart
and the wife replies good night in her
dream before his leaving
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out